Dem distribution random seed (#970)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/lagrangian_physical_properties.rst

      # If distribution type = custom
      set custom diameters                  = 0.001 , 0.0005
      set custom volume fractions           = 0.6   , 0.4

      # If distribution type = normal
      set standard deviation                = 0.0
      # If distribution type = normal or custom

>       set random seed distribution          = 1

Reviewer: If you provide a seed to the pseudo-random number (PRN) generator, it is not a random seed. So I suggest:

```suggestion
      set prn seed = 1
```

Reviewer: Like a random seed would be if you take the computer clock time or something like that

Author: In the insertion_info section of the parameter file, we have a parameter called "insertion random number seed". 

Knowing this, should I rename both parameters name : 
- prn seed distribution 
- prn seed insertion

Or I should just renamed this parameter to : 
distribution random number seed 

Note: There's also an other parameter called "insertion random number range". I just want to keep an uniformity between sections.

Reviewer 2: or it could be "distribution seed" or something like this...
Random seed actually means taht the seed is indeed random. So this is a malapropism we have used too much in the code in the past

* For a ``normal`` distribution, the ``standard deviation`` parameter should be defined to indicate the standard deviation on the particle size distribution.

* For a ``custom`` distribution, the ``custom diameters`` parameter defines the different diameter values used when generating particles. The ``custom volume fractions`` parameter defines the probabilities corresponding to each diameter value previously declared based on volume fraction. Both list must have the same length.

> * For a ``normal`` or a ``custom`` distribution, the ``random seed distribution`` parameter defines the random seed at which the diameters values are getting generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For a ``normal`` or a ``custom`` distribution, the ``prn seed`` parameter defines the seed for the pseudo-random number (PRN) generator with which the diameters values are getting generated.
```
